Documentation: Restructure documentation based on Diátaxis framework (#729)
NeurodataWithoutBorders/matnwb: docs/source/pages/concepts/file_create/hdf5_considerations.rst

> .. _hdf5-considerations:

Reviewer: I am apprehensive about this entire file

> HDF5 Considerations and Limitations
> ===================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HDF5 Considerations
=================
```

This page explains these limitations conceptually, so you can design data pipelines and workflows that avoid common pitfalls.

Why limitations matter
----------------------

HDF5 is designed for efficient, large-scale data storage — not for frequent editing or multi-user collaboration.  
Once data is written, changing the file structure or contents is often constrained by the format itself.

Understanding these constraints will help you:

- Plan ahead when designing datasets and attributes
- Avoid costly re-writes and data corruption
- Structure workflows for safe and efficient data access

Key limitations in practice
---------------------------

Existing datasets cannot be freely modified
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Once a dataset is written to disk, it is essentially fixed in size and structure.  
If you need to **append** or **stream** additional data (for example, writing trial data as it becomes available), you must create the dataset with this in mind from the start.

In MatNWB, this is typically done with the :class:`~types.untyped.DataPipe` class, which supports writing data incrementally to an extendable dataset.

> Data and attributes cannot be removed — and deletion does not reduce file size

Reviewer: this is a bit too pessimistic. Let's find another way to phrase this

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

HDF5 does not support in-place removal of datasets or attributes in the way a database might.  

> While it is possible at a low level to "unlink" objects from the file, space is not reclaimed.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While it is possible at a low level to "unlink" objects from the file, this often does not reduce the size of the file.
```
